He is a woman who feeds
Alone with countless souls
You look good.
And he's tall.
The new guy?
Come and pinch my shoulders
deaf
Brother Hu is calling you
I want this handsome to accompany you to pinch your shoulders
You deserve it too
I said you're new here and don't know the rules, do you?
It takes both sides to dry a few
Lao Tzu is the Dragon Shuai of the Zhengbei Army
Li Yue will come to kneel and beg us Long Shuai later
Are you talking about a millionaire in the workplace?
Dragon Shuai of Zhengbei Army, known as the patron saint of the building
You are a little popular
Lao Tzu is the Dragon Shuai of Zhengbei Army
Ouch, hello, hahahaha.
Long Shuai, why are you here?
Are you in the Zhenbei Army?
Hahahaha
Although Shen Bushuai is not Xishan's business?
Boy I sue you
When you get here, you have to listen to me
Lao Tzu is the law here
Since you don't know how to be human
Come and teach him
Yo, big brother, I'm Thunder Tiger Chop, you're the first one.
Who is fighting?